hey everybody this is josh and with me
is liquid hug whoo number one seeded
player in the open bracket tournament
here at MLG dallas this is day two luck
has played a number of games already I'm
just go ahead keep going good and drop
that someone just gave hug a weird hat
I'll show you someone gave this to hug
to give to jinro so now jinro if you see
this and Huck doesn't give you this hat
is in trouble yeah I'm sorry but anyway
you played a lot of games today already
how I was a turned I've been going so
far Scott's doing good as far as me
playing well other than that I'm I'm
tired like I said but I should do well
and I plan to do well so yeah ok let's
go good who are some opponents that you
played already that people would
recognize um I think the only ones you
would actually recognize would be all
about you or moon in or whatever his
name is I've played other people like
slur G and some NRG guy I can't remember
his name but he was decent too yeah Coco
yeah that's him he's pretty good so uh
yeah those those those players alright
but so far during the tournament have
you felt no at all like anything bad was
going to happen now is never liked it
scary no I'm in control I'm in control
in control I'm in control no i i went on
a diet and I Shrunk feet so next up we
already know who your opponent is to
basically finish up the open bracket
yeah and that is spades from a bt gaming
yeah he is a great turn player he
actually went to Korea yeah I'm gonna
regret I got him in a count on the Korea
so I'm gonna regret that now if he beats
me I helped contribute to his skill
alright well assuming you beat spades oh
gosh I know you do a soon yeah he'll be
played that route play is next we've
heard sort of a rumor that if you were
to beat spades you'd be dropped into
Group A a lot of people are considering
the group of death with Idris activa
cocky and Gretel yeah what are your
thoughts on that um I would prefer that
group A or B but what are you gonna do I
mean c and d were a lot easier than
either A or B but I really have no
choice my pvp my worst match-up PBZ
against hydra is always tough
he's got some new style apparently I
haven't watched the games but we'll see
I don't know I think I'll still do well
either way and i just realized my
microphone was off the whole time but
this microphone is pretty good i think
you heard everything I hope so I've
screwed up so many things in this in
this life of starcraft 2 interviewing
fine ok so now that it's on and we talk
about your match against spades your
games from the Open bracket are you just
happy to be in the pool play I mean once
you get into pool play you can't be
eliminated from just the pool play I
don't really like em LG's set up here
because it's like if you're in the group
stages even if you lose every single
game you're like still top 24 automatic
exactly and if you do it like two two
things in a row where you get top 20 for
whatever you like automatically gonna
stay top 16 forever basically so it's
true it's very rewarding to yeah if you
do well top 16 it's like you never leave
exactly oh whatever I don't like it so
much but it's okay other than yourself
who do you kind of expect to emerge from
the Open bracket or have you been
keeping e hey pro um Nana wha and I
don't know well it's okay one other
grubby vs dd's happening right now thing
I think Dee Dee's gonna win actually I
like both of them d I think anyone got
he's a really young good kid and
Robbie's obviously a seasoned player
yeah I really like both of them as
people so i'm not really sure but i
think DD he's gonna win ok now let's say
okay so what chances do you give an open
player I mean obviously you are going to
win everything but if that word is
somehow not happen yeah I don't know you
fall down a flight of stairs and can't
play or something yeah not not
threatening you or anything but ok who
else will see you give a shot to win the
entire thing we know we know the top 16
already we know kind of who's going to
be joining from the open or out of every
well out of everybody that's left I
think select how's the best chance
besides me I think anybody for my team
has a chance I think I drew has a chance
of course as much as I hate to say it he
always has a chance yeah I don't know I
think Nana wah has a pretty good chance
to if he can play the way he plays
online I don't know there's a lot of
good players i guess those
my highlights okay had there been any
series here that may be surprised you a
great deal yeah a lot there's been I
mean my teammates haven't been doing the
best I expected them to do really really
well and Yossi I think when own 38 which
was really surprising but he's you know
been having whatever issues and Dario
sick he lost the in control I mean in
general is a great guy and everything
but I did not expect on the loose 022 in
control but right happened there have
been a lot of upsets or at least you
know underdogs blowing out a win so I
think it's been a very good weekend for
everyone watching everyone here at the
event I know there have been some stream
issues so sorry to rub it in a little
bit but maybe you should come to an MLG
yeah it's a lot of fun you get to meet
players like Huck give him raccoon hats
to give to jinro all that good stuff so
I highly recommend coming out to an MLG
hook I guess that's gonna basically wrap
it up for now oh good luck in all of
your games first up we got spades and on
to the pool play after that app so hope
you're able to take everything once
again when I dad I know yeah we'll be
cheering you on hi dad i love i love you
too dad my second dad all right bye
everybody on the internet this has been
Huck and ask joshi see you later